docs: improve authentication page (#5567)
coder/coder: docs/api/authentication.md

# Authentication

Long-lived tokens can be generated to perform actions on behalf of your user account:

```console
coder tokens create
```

> You can use tokens with the Coder's REST API using the `Coder-Session-Token` HTTP header.

Reviewer: Suggestion (minor): Reference what tokens and reduce usage of "use".

```suggestion
You can use the created tokens with Coder's REST API by setting the `Coder-Session-Token` HTTP header.
```

Author: Fixed!
